Previously on Dexter...
[Angel] Sorry Dexter wasn't
the guy you thought he was.
I actually had
a similar experience.
We found black mold
in his bedroom closet.
That's what's been causing
the flare-up.
The landlord's
ignoring my calls.
She's late on her rent.
Yeah. well. she's not gonna pay
until you fix the mold
in Dante's room.
Well. I ain't fixing shit
for a tenant
that don't pay their rent.
Dexter has a son.
Harrison Morgan.
[Claudette] I'm familiar
with Harrison Morgan.
[Angel] Harrison Morgan
killed Ryan Foster
using methods taught to him
by his father.
And then Dexter Morgan
planted Ryan's watch
in Mia LaPierre's rental
to frame her
and exonerate his son.
All I need to do is show Mia
Dexter's photo.
Thank you for getting the cops
off my back.
- You're welcome.
- But I'm-I'm not like you.
I know.
You have a goodness. a humanity
that I never will.
You're gonna take
that Morgan sense
of justice and use it
to make things better.
Find your own path.
I'll be here to help you.
It's a dinner party
for serial killers.
Lowell is gone. Mia is dead.
[Al]
Gareth! He's the Gemini Killer.
[Dexter]
And Gareth is nine piles of ash
- in my favorite furnace.
- [muffled shouting]
They're gonna realize it's me.
If those bastards
had Mia killed.
they won't hesitate
to do the same to you.
[Dexter]
The Gemini Killers.
Twins.
Fuck me.
[slicing sounds]
♪ mysterious music ♪
[helicopter whirring]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
♪
[Dexter] It's like being stalked
by a zombie.
Gareth won't stay dead.
Now I know how Harrison felt
when I showed up.
[Prater] I've leased the castle
for the day.
More than enough time
for our needs.
We don't know
who might be watching.
considering who we're here with.
If you can't handle this.
go back to the city.
I'm just saying. the exposure
out here isn't ideal.
And it is my job
to point that out.
And I am just saying. do what
I fucking tell you to do.
[Al]
If you would've told me one day
I'd be at a real-life freaking
castle with a billionaire.
I would've called you nuts.
Yeah. the sooner this is over.
the better.
All right. Gloomy Gus.
Hey. Red. you-you spend
much time in nature?
If you count fishing.
And body dumping.
We will begin soon. gentlemen.
Hey. uh. where's Lowell?
You-you sending your other
chopper for him or...?
Can't reach him.
I don't know whether he's been
sidetracked by his tattooed
lady friend or what.
but I don't have time
for his bullshit.
It has been a difficult time.
Yesterday.
Mia took her own life in jail.
♪ slow. eerie music ♪
Mamma Mia's...
She's gone?
[Prater] These recent mishaps
have been unsettling.
to say the least.
Obviously. no one wanted it
to go this way.
We spent the day here
at this castle
during Mia's first year with us.
She loved its opulence.
A glass of fine wine
in her hand.
2012 Château Haut-Brion.
Bold. funky. complex.
Just like our Mia.
[sniffs] No wonder
it was her favorite varietal.
Please join me for a toast.
To Lady Vengeance.
She left us far too soon.
[Dexter]
But did she choose to leave.
or was she taken out?
[Harrison]
The fresh air's really
helping out his asthma. huh?
- [cheering]
- [Elsa] Uh-huh.
What's wrong?
This shit with my landlord
is getting worse.
El cabrón hasn't answered any
of my texts or calls or...
Whatever.
The more he ignores me.
the stronger my case will be.
That guy's a dick.
Sorry you had to deal with him.
I know you've got your own stuff
going on with your dad.
Actually. I-I think we're cool.
Um. we-we hung out
and had a long talk.
And I think my dad kind of
stepped up for me this time.
Harrison. that's amazing.
He even got me thinking
about what I want to do.
So. not hospitality?
A different kind of service.
Uh. maybe something
in criminal justice.
So you're going back to school?
Yeah. [chuckles softly]
I guess. yeah.
You should check out. um.
Collings College of Criminology.
My cousin went there
for cybersecurity.
but they have a bunch
of programs.
♪ gentle piano music ♪
[Prater] A little something to
whet your appetites. gentlemen.
And. of course. a gourmet spread
for our vegan friend.
- [Dexter chuckles softly]
- Ooh.
Bon appétit. gentlemen.
Holy moly.
♪ lighthearted music ♪
[Prater]
Something wrong?
Honestly.
this all looks so damn good.
it's making me remember why
I wasn't always a vegan. May I?
You couldn't have picked a
better time to indulge. Please.
I sourced the meat myself
from Maison Verot in Paris.
But the real jewel here
is the Iranian beluga.
Say what you will
about their politics.
Nobody does caviar
quite like the Persians.
- [Dexter chuckles]
- Enjoy.
[Al]
Holy schnikes.
This is something else.
Oh. my gosh.
look at all this stuff.
Have you ever seen ham
shaved so thin?
[phone buzzing]
Unbelievable.
[Dexter] Harrison's
thinking about his future.
like a normal kid.
[phone buzzes]
And he wants me
to be a part of it.
like a normal dad.
I can do that.
Got to make sure
whatever we're doing
at this killer camp is done
in time
for me to be there for Harrison.
[Prater clears throat]
You're hiding something from me.
[Dexter] Then again.
maybe this retreat is going
to be shorter than I thought.
Your trophies and tools.
Charley. I believe.
asked you to bring them?
I hope you'll feel comfortable
sharing with the group today.
[Dexter] So that's what this
is about... show-and-tell.
[sighs]
Uh. sure.
They're right here.
[Prater]
I apologize. it's late notice.
I'd only planned
on Al sharing today.
But. uh.
given the circumstances. I think
it would be a nice tribute
to hear from you. as well.
[Dexter]
Show-and-tell. Shit.
[Al] It's a Christmas present
from the kids.
That's it. There we go.
Okay.
[Dexter] This is a much
easier way to vet my victims.
Time to hear the tale
of Rapunzel.
Hi. I. uh. hope you like
my little movie. Mr. Prater.
Scary. [chuckles]
I attached the camera
to my bike helmet.
You know. safety first.
[Dexter]
Ponytails. Al's fetish.
His need.
He's going to kill this woman
on camera. and I have
to sit here with these monsters
while they enjoy
every fucking minute of it.
- [Al] Hey. uh. on your left!
- [bicycle bell dings]
- Yeah.
- [jogger] Hey.
- [Al] Oh. thank you.
- Yeah. no problem.
[Al panting]
Okay.
[grunting]
[groaning]
S-Somebody help!
- [groans] Somebody.
- [jogger] Oh. my God.
- [Al] Please.
- Are you okay?
[Al] Uh. my front tire
h-h-hit something.
- It's my leg.
- Uh. I don't see anything.
[Al]
I-I think it's bleeding.
[jogger]
Where does it hurt?
- [Al] It's r-right...
- Where?
- ...right here!
- [screaming]
[Al laughing]
[muffled screaming]
♪ menacing music ♪
[Al laughing]
Pop-Pop says
it's time for a haircut.
[Dexter]
They all have to die.
I need to sever all ties to
this group as soon as possible.
But right now...
...I have to convince them that
I sever innocent people's heads.
[clatters]
How do you convince a roomful
of psychopaths
that you fit their code?
You ever see a man beg
for his life
while he's choking
on his own blood?
They tell me anything
I want to know.
Shit they've never told anybody.
The randomness is the best part.
You like that. huh?
You like that. Prater?
You sick fuck!
[Harry]
I knew this was
a bad idea.
joining
this bogeyman social club.
I didn't join their club.
Then why are you giving
those monsters more killer porn
to get off on?
I'm just doing
what comes naturally. Dad.
I'm a monster. too. Remember?
You're not like
the rest of them.
We worked so hard together
to turn your urges
into something right.
And then
you turned your back on me.
We had rough patches.
but I never...
It's why you killed yourself.
You couldn't live
with what I really was.
Not after you saw it
with your own eyes.
I was scared.
I blamed myself
for your suffering.
But I know your heart.
You have a higher purpose. son.
Red was an amoral animal.
But that's not you. and you
shouldn't pretend that it is.
[knocking]
Problem?
Nope. No problem here.
Mr. Prater says
it's time for your share.
[Dexter] Harry's right.
I'm not going to pretend.
I never talk about myself.
Not like this.
♪ pulsing. dramatic music ♪
You all know me
as the Dark Passenger.
Well...
I'm gonna level with you.
What you're seeing here
is not the Dark Passenger.
Not now.
This "Red Schmidt"
you're looking at
is the mask I put on.
Only a select group of people
get to see the Dark Passenger.
And once they see him. they...
die.
[laughs]
Oh. man. it feels so crazy
to say that out loud.
- [Al chuckles]
- I usually only get
to drop the mask when I have
a victim completely powerless.
That's when this smiling.
get-along-with-everyone
mask comes off.
[sighs deeply]
And that mask
is exhausting. right?
It's like this guy Red Schmidt
is constantly managing
the Dark Passenger.
holding him back.
But... I don't know.
This week with you.
our open and frank talks
about our appetites.
Our. um...
What'd you call it. Gareth?
The Great Yearning.
I haven't known you all
very long. but I know
the burden you carry.
the mask you wear.
how heavy it is.
how lonely you are because...
...no one knows you.
No one sees you.
Al has the biggest smile
I've ever seen.
You'd think he has it all.
- [Al chuckles softly]
- A perfect family.
house in the suburbs. his kills.
But your family will never know
the whole you.
If you ever let your mask slip.
the good husband
and perfect father would.
poof. disappear.
All they'd see is darkness.
They'd fear you.
Maybe even turn you in.
[chuckles softly]
Yeah. that's. uh...
...that's true. buddy. I mean...
[Dexter]
Don't get me wrong.
Feeding my Dark Passenger
gives me pleasure.
But after my victims
take their last breath.
I feel...
...unbearable sadness.
Because that brief moment
when I'm completely myself
is over.
And then it's time
to put the mask back on.
Or... maybe.
now satisfied and fed.
my Dark Passenger.
the one who's truly in control.
allows me to put my...
Red Schmidt costume back on...
and...
...quietly pulls the strings
in the background...
unnoticed...
...but always in control.
♪ slow. haunting music ♪
[laughing]
He's...
he's...
[mutters]
[laughs]
He's...
[Angel] I mean. don't you
find it a little strange
that just before we're about
to ask Lady Vengeance
if she knows Dexter Morgan.
she up and kills herself?
77% of all jail suicides
occur between
a detainee being charged
and convicted.
Don't mess with Detective
Wallace and statistics.
She's a freaking numbers ninja.
[Angel]
None of this adds up.
Do you seriously believe
that the security cameras
just happen to go down
on Mia's cellblock
the very moment
she offs herself?
The OIG report found
widespread camera deficiencies
throughout the facility.
Do you ever just trust your gut?
♪ mysterious music ♪
[Claudette sighs]
You are probably frustrated
that the facts of this case do
not fully support your theory.
But we are not
ruling anything out.
We are simply following
the evidence where it leads us.
You're being played.
This guy is smart.
He's escaped justice
for decades.
Do you seriously believe that
this Dexter guy snuck into jail.
killed Mia LaPierre.
faked her suicide. and snuck out
before you could get to her
with a photograph?
Your Lady Vengeance.
Ryan Foster theory
doesn't fully line up either.
Starting with how
she bashed his head in
and cut him up.
Not her usual M.O.
There are variations to all
of the Lady Vengeance murders.
She seems to change her methods
depending on the circumstances.
But there is one detail
that is troubling.
Yeah?
Mia LaPierre's prints are on all
of the trophies
the authorities discovered
at her rental...
except one.
Let me guess. The watch.
Any chance I could have access
to DMV records?
[Al] I'm just feeling
a little bit queasy.
That helicopter ride
really did a number on me.
Does anybody have any. uh.
remedies for an upset tummy?
[Dexter] Kill you.
Dump your body in the bay.
Not off the top of my head.
[groans] I'm sure glad
I didn't feel like this
for my presentation.
Speaking of presentations.
yours was... different.
You didn't mention anything
about your methods.
Nothing at all
about the actual kills.
No details at all.
- Still getting the feel for it.
- [Al] Well. hey. I...
I thought it was neat.
Thank you. Al.
[Gareth] Prater loves the
details. at least when listening
to me talk about my work.
Yeah. we can't all be
visionaries like you.
I am a bit of a rare bird.
[Dexter]
More like an endangered species.
[Gareth]
Showmanship is my forte.
Although it won't have
the usual impact this year.
not with all
the unfortunate incidents.
Yeah. you know what?
I'm just sorry your first year
with us has been so.
uh. uh. weird.
Yeah.
It's funny how everything keeps
going off the rails this year.
I keep asking myself.
what is different?
[Dexter] How long
until Gareth's suspicions
about the new guy
get the better of him?
I need to take care of him soon.
♪ dramatic music ♪
Mr. Prater would like
to see you.
You've been very prolific...
...in a very short amount
of time.
I was motivated.
Your share was...
...spectacular.
Never seen anyone allow himself
to be so vulnerable.
So relatable.
Please.
Have a seat.
When I was a boy.
I assumed my parents
would live forever.
To lose them so young.
it was quite a lesson
in the vagaries of fate.
Yeah. I heard something
about that.
You lost them in a car accident
when you were a kid?
- Yeah.
- Yeah. that's tough.
You only know
what the media reported on me.
But like
you were saying earlier.
no one knows
the whole Leon Prater.
The hit-and-run was
just the beginning.
My parents were dead.
The driver was in prison.
And I was left to figure out
how to make sense
of what had happened.
I wrote a letter to the man
who killed my parents.
Cooper Morris.
I was angry.
confused and utterly gutted.
I poured all of that pain
into a letter.
I just wanted him to know
just how badly he hurt me.
And you know what?
The son of a bitch wrote back.
He had no remorse.
He said he knew I was suffering.
Everybody suffers.
That what he did had nothing
to do with me or my parents.
He didn't sympathize with you
because he couldn't.
In his mind. what he did wasn't
right or wrong.
It just... was.
[inhales sharply]
There's something appealing
about that.
I finally got the nerve to
demand to meet him face-to-face.
I wanted answers.
Why that night? Why my family?
It wasn't an accident.
I'd gotten in a drunken fight
with my girlfriend.
And I...
[Prater]
...stormed out of the house.
By the time he was behind
the wheel of his truck. he was
hell-bent on doing some damage.
Anything to release
the demons.
He saw my parents' car.
accelerated and
smashed into us.
I'll never forget
sitting in the back seat.
watching my parents die.
First my father.
Then. a few minutes later.
my mother.
We all have trauma...
...that we can't escape.
Even if we bleed and scar...
...we never really heal.
No. but I wanted the details.
I wanted to know
what he was thinking
when he first saw me
in that wreckage.
He saw himself.
a powerless bystander
in a cruel world.
And it scared him.
[Dexter] Trapped in a metal box
with dead parents.
Sounds familiar.
Only when I confronted
my mother's killer.
he wasn't sitting
across a prison table.
He was lying on my kill table.
We were both prisoners.
He was in the judicial system.
I was in the foster system.
But we were both prisoners
of the world's morality.
So I kept going back.
I befriended him.
His only visitor
during his incarceration.
And he confessed to me.
I've killed before.
[Prater] He was the first
serial killer that ever
shared his story with me.
And do you want
to know something?
I felt so connected to him.
[chuckles]
More so than my own parents.
Do you ever think
he was just manipulating you?
You were a child.
I was in control.
Knowing what he was thinking
when he killed them
gave me power.
I was never gonna be
that scared little boy
in the back seat.
never. ever again.
I started to enjoy our visits.
but nothing lasts forever.
Cooper didn't even make it
to his 50th birthday.
After he died.
I was alone again. but...
...prisons are full
of people like him.
That's when you started
collecting killers. huh?
And their trophies.
But I will never
forget the purity
of that first friendship.
I know most of my guests
are here only for the money.
Avaricious braggarts.
[chuckles]
That's why I so appreciated
your honesty today.
It reminded me
of the bond I had with Cooper.
Handle with care.
It is almost as old as I am.
♪ eerie music ♪
It's the first letter
he ever wrote to me.
My first trophy.
And my most precious.
It unlocked something in me.
something
I've been chasing ever since.
Your share today reminded me
that there are still some things
to discover on this journey.
[Dexter exhales]
- I'm glad you liked it.
- [chuckles]
I was worried it'd be boring.
No. no. no.
Red.
the truth is never boring. No.
You never know
what it may spark in someone.
♪ gentle music ♪
[car door opens. closes]
I'm looking for Dexter Morgan.
He live here?
Who's asking?
An old friend from Miami.
I'm Angel Batista.
Ah. yes. It's very nice
to meet an old Miami friend
of Dexter's. Ah.
I'm afraid
he's not here right now.
Is he expecting you?
Nah. Just heard
he's in town. I wanted
- to say hello.
- Ah.
So. Dexter's
living here with you?
Uh. he rents
the apartment downstairs.
It's really nice
having him around.
He's practically like family.
Tell me about it.
Somehow always manages
to fit in wherever he goes.
- How'd you and Dexter meet?
- Fate.
I drive a UrCar.
He got in my car.
and boom! [chuckles]
We hit it off.
We're so lucky
to have a decent family man
renting that apartment.
How is Harrison?
Sweet kid. Mm.
Dexter's so happy
to have him back in his life.
And just when it seems
he needs his father.
Eh?
I think Harrison
is going through
a very tough time right now.
[Angel sighs]
♪ "Satan Is His Name"
by Holly Golightly playing ♪
[Dexter] Honesty seems to be
the best policy with Prater.
♪ Satan is the name he goes by ♪
Let's see
what it does to Gemini.
♪ He got a lot of devil
in his eye ♪
[Dexter whistling breathily]
♪ He got a kiss of fire ♪
♪ And it burns you well ♪
♪ Breaks your heart.
and it hurts like ♪
♪ It hurts like hell... ♪
[Dexter sighs]
[whispers]
I know your secret.
And what would that be?
You're a twin.
[scoffs]
That's the stupidest
fucking thing I've ever heard.
[chuckles]
I was wondering how you pull off
all those elaborate
double-kills by yourself.
Moving the bodies. posing them.
I mean. no offense.
but it doesn't look like
you've seen
the inside of a gym in a while.
[whispers]
You didn't do it by yourself.
God.
Was that you or your twin
at Prater's dinner
that first night?
Stop talking right now.
before you say
something you regret.
The Gemini Killer.
It was right there in the name
the whole time. Twins.
What do you think
Prater would do if he knew?
No way he's gonna
believe the new guy's
crazy-ass conspiracy theory.
Oh. I won't say a word.
It's our little secret.
[panting]
What you and your brother
have done...
- is genius.
- [grunts]
[Gareth exhales]
We created him together.
Gemini.
Greatest killer
to ever terrorize the world.
I've been a fan for a long time.
So have many other people.
Yeah.
Although you are the first one
to figure out my... our secret.
I envy you.
Having someone just like you.
Same past. same instincts.
Same view of the world.
Someone who has your back.
What we have is very special.
I had a brother.
He was...
like us.
Did he know about what you do?
For a little while there.
I thought...
maybe we'd have
what you two have.
An honest relationship.
[sighs]
I think about that sometimes.
how things might have been...
...if we hadn't been strangers
most of our lives.
If we'd been able
to work together.
What went wrong?
We found each other
in our 30s.
Little late
for brotherly bonding.
[sniffles]
God. how do you do it?
How have you kept
your secret all these years?
I can't get into specifics.
No. of course not.
But. uh...
Okay. rule number one.
never be seen together.
We've developed
a highly specific system
for communication.
You mean. like leaving
notes at bookstores?
♪ dramatic music ♪
I was so starstruck
being in the same room
with my idol.
I couldn't resist.
and I followed you.
I'm curious.
They say twins
can feel each other's pain.
Is that true?
Did you feel a sting
in your chest last night?
Around 8:20?
Why?
Because that's when
I stabbed your brother
in the chest.
Did you feel a hot flash
when I threw
his body in the furnace?
[breathes sharply]
I'm glad
that you and your twin
found your thing together.
Me? I have my own thing.
Killing killers.
[grunting]
♪ intense. dramatic music ♪
[Al]
Whoa. hey.
[shouts]
[Dexter] I'll never get used to
killing in front of an audience.
[shouts]
[gasping]
He k-killed my brother.
Help!
[gasps]
[Dexter]
Shh.
[whispers]
Your secret is safe with me.
Help!
[gurgling]
Step back!
I couldn't stop the bleeding.
What the hell happened?
Why did he go after you
like that?
He was acting weird.
saying all kinds of crazy shit.
He-he was calling this
his ultimate share.
I knew this guy was insane.
He was going on about
how he's gonna prove
he was a visionary by taking out
Lowell and me and Al.
Put the gun away. Charley.
This is all my fault.
I encouraged
his delusions of grandeur.
Always told him
his work was extraordinary.
Obviously. my patronage
over the years
only made him feel
more entitled.
And more psycho!
God. that's-that's
too much goddamn blood.
I... That's why I strangle 'em.
Gemini kills in pairs.
What are you talking about?
He's always bragging
about his double-kills.
Now he's picking people off
one by one?
With a wine glass?
It doesn't make sense.
He went after me.
What was I supposed to do?
[Al]
I'll tell you what I want to do.
I want to get the heck
out of here.
I can't wait
to get back to Wisconsin.
Al. do not let this disrupt
your stay with us. please.
We've taken care
of a big problem. thanks to Red.
The worst is behind us.
I'm out. I'm out.
You need to get cleaned up.
Charley will be happy to take
care of that cut for you.
[Dexter]
Gareth may have been
the favorite son around here.
but today Prater saw
the Gareth I wanted him to see:
a lunatic who got
too big for his britches.
And the cherry on top?
Aside from killing twins.
the Lowell problem
is officially solved.
Three birds. one stone.
[Charley]
An inch to the left.
he would've cut
your radial artery.
You would have bled out
and been dead in two minutes.
Wow.
That wasn't my experience
the last time I bled out.
Scary.
I've seen it happen.
I've made it happen.
Lucky me.
Hmm.
Very lucky.
♪ "U-Mass" by Pixies playing ♪
♪ In the sleepy west
of the woody east ♪
♪ Is a valley full.
full of pioneer ♪
♪ We're not just kids.
to say the least ♪
♪ We got ideas.
to us that's dear ♪
♪ Like capitalist.
like communist ♪
♪ Like lots of things
you've heard about ♪
♪ And redneckers.
they get us pissed ♪
♪ And stupid stuff.
it makes us shout... ♪
Hiding from somebody?
Uh. no.
I'm... here alone.
So you're actually reading
that brochure? How is it?
Uh. story's all right.
Characters suck.
You know who actually has
amazing brochures?
My orthopedist. Talk about sexy.
What happened to your arm?
New Year's Eve happened.
Some drunk idiot
rammed my motorcycle.
sent me flying.
ripped my arm open.
Worst part is. the nerve damage
left my hand stuck like this.
I'm fucking with you.
I was in an accident. though.
So. no parents?
You an orphan. or what?
Yeah. Uh. my mom was murdered.
and I killed my dad.
I'm fucking with you.
My mom is dead. though.
I'm Gigi.
I'm Harrison.
Uh. my dad said he'd come.
but I don't see him.
Well. let's take a walk.
see if we can find him.
Hello. future students.
We're about to begin our tour.
My name is Gigi Jones.
I'm a sophomore here.
and I will be
your tour guide this afternoon.
Welcome to the Collings
College of Criminology.
♪ "Kill Your Ego"
by Pike Project playing ♪
Right this way.
♪ Now. now here we go ♪
♪ We already know ♪
♪ None of this matters and... ♪
[Dexter] Welcome to the life
of a serial killer dad.
♪ Wherever this goes ♪
♪ None of it factors and ♪
- ♪ No ♪
- ♪ This is not the end... ♪
Kill a pair of twins. then rush
to a college tour with your son.
[Prater]
Red?
This wasn't the retreat
that I'd hoped it would be.
Are you sure you don't need
any help getting home?
I'm fine.
We usually have a final meal
to wrap up the gathering.
It'll be
a little smaller this year.
but I trust you'll
feel up for joining us.
I wouldn't miss it.
♪ mysterious music ♪
If there's no other questions.
we've come to the end
of our tour with an opportunity
to audit
a forensic psychology class.
Enjoy.
Is that your dad?
I'll be in the lobby.
If I see anybody
flexing "lost dad energy."
I'll send him your way.
Thanks.
[door opens]
[indistinct chatter]
♪ dramatic music ♪
[student]
Excuse me.
Come on. go.
[professor]
Let's welcome back
Detective Claudette Wallace
to continue
her visiting lecturer series.
[students applaud]
Good evening.
This week. I will
be discussing a local case
you may be familiar with.
It certainly dominated
the headlines.
I am the lead investigator.
Please raise your hand
if you have heard of...
the New York Ripper.
You may think
his crime spree is over.
but you would be wrong.
First. to understand
criminal behavior.
we must understand
criminal psychopathy.
That is how we...
♪ suspenseful music ♪
That is how we determine motive.
conduct interrogations
and. ultimately.
catch killers.
But this case is unusual
because the New York Ripper
stopped killing years ago.
and yet his crimes
continue to cause harm.
- Isn't that...
- Yeah.
- Did you know?
- No.
[Claudette]
Everything we do
is about. one:
Identifying and
stopping people who purposefully
and repeatedly cause harm.
And two: Make things right.
I have been
investigating the Ripper
since I joined the force.
Though he does not kill anymore.
he continues to contact
and torment
the loved ones of his victims.
This is one of those calls.
A message he left for
the sister of a victim.
[New York Ripper]
She thought she could run.
She didn't have anywhere to go
in that shitty
little house of hers.
All she could do was cower
in her own bed.
Your sweet little sister.
- hiding under that flimsy quilt.
- [audience gasps]
Bet that was
a gift from Grandma. huh?
- [audience murmuring]
- That's why I took it off her
before I ripped her open.
Wouldn't want
to get blood
all over Grandma's quilt.
Man. you should've
heard your sister
begging me to just kill her.
Incredible how long a girl as
small as her could stay alive
while I took
her organs out one by one.
His cruelty is not careless.
It is calculated.
He never says anything
that we can trace back to him.
We are still not certain
what weapon he used.
but given the evidence.
we believe
it was a crowbar-like tool.
- [audience groans]
- All of the victims were found
with multiple
sharp-force injuries...
...puncture wounds. as well as
avulsion injuries
- and lacerations.
- [Dexter] Her crowbar theory
is close. but the Ripper
found a better tool.
Serial killers are predators.
They need the thrill
of the hunt to feel something.
Reliving the violent
details of his kills
is a way for the Ripper
to continue experiencing
the hunt and the power he feels.
Psychopaths are not capable
of empathy or love.
They are emotionally
deficient individuals
who behave only
in service to themselves.
[Dexter]
Emotionally deficient.
Is that how my son sees me?
- ♪ melancholy music ♪
- [indistinct chatter]
Thank you.
[Dexter]
So. how was the tour?
Nice campus?
It was. uh. it was. mm. good.
About what she was saying...
I may not experience love...
...the way other people do.
♪ quiet. emotional music ♪
But I know...
...the way I feel about you
is different
than the way I feel
about anyone else in the world.
Thanks for that. Dad.
♪
Well. let's get out of here.
Yeah.
[Claudette]
Mr. Morgan.
♪ suspenseful music ♪
And also Mr. Morgan.
You are Harrison's father.
Nice detective work.
I'm surprised to see you here.
I'm thinking about
becoming a cop.
That probably sounds weird.
after how we met.
but. honestly. uh.
seeing how dedicated you were
to helping Ryan Foster's
victims get justice...
...it was inspiring.
So. you are following
in the footsteps of your father.
How do you mean?
You were with
Miami Metro Homicide. correct?
Your old colleague.
Angel Batista.
paid me a visit.
Right.
Batista.
[sighs] He was a good guy.
Kind of spiraled
when he found out his partner
was the Bay Harbor Butcher.
Maybe you've heard of him?
James Doakes?
He was never really
the same after that.
I'm sure that was upsetting.
For everyone.
Yeah. everybody had
to work hard to move on.
But some...
just couldn't.
And then it got worse
when he lost his ex
in the line of duty.
He still loved her. poor guy.
Never really
came back from that.
He kind of pushed us all away.
But we all loved him.
Thanks for the show-and-tell.
It was very eye-opening. Oh.
Just one more thing.
Your crowbar theory
is interesting.
but I couldn't help but notice
the blood spatter
is more consistent with
a longer object.
something with a handle
that could be swung.
Maybe with a point at the end.
like a hook?
[door opens]
[door closes]
I didn't see that coming.
Yeah. she surprised me. too.
No. I'm talking about your whole
wanting to be a cop thing.
[sighs] Am I crazy
for wanting to do this?
No. it makes sense.
A strong moral compass
runs in the family.
Your Aunt Deb and
Grandpa Harry would be proud.
It was you.
You're the one who inspired me.
♪ quiet. emotional music ♪
[Gigi]
Application
- QR code's on the back.
- Ooh. see? Yeah.
This is. this is gonna be
the fun. for sure.
More fun than my orthopedist?
[both chuckle]
Hey. Dad. you want
to meet me at the car?
Oh.
Right.
Uh. I'm gonna go
check out the gift shop.
Mm-hmm.
[Harrison and Gigi chuckle]
Thanks for flagging him down.
No worries.
So. what do you think
of the place?
All that serial killer talk
didn't scare you off. did it?
I. uh. I think I can handle it.
I'm gonna have to if I want
to be a cop. [chuckles]
What about you?
Do you like it here?
Love it.
I had to take a few weeks off
after the accident.
but I'm finally just
getting back into things.
I'm just dying
to get out of this brace.
Mm. that's got to be a pain.
I didn't realize
how much shit I do
with my right hand.
I've had to get creative
with grooming and...
[clears throat] ...self-care.
For a guy who wants
to be a detective.
you're missing
a lot of clues here.
One more hint?
Okay. How about your number?
[sniffles]
It looks good on you.
being a dad.
I'm glad
you came through for him.
I had a very good teacher.
He's becoming a man
right before our eyes.
Wish I could be
at his graduation.
I mean. you will be. right?
[sighs]
She seems nice.
Uh. yeah.
Dad. we're-we're
not gonna talk about that.
No. siree.
Are you freaked out
at all that Batista's
talking to Detective Wallace?
I'm not worried.
Sh-Shouldn't you be? I mean.
seems like he's really
got it in for you.
and-and-and probably me. too.
Ryan's murder's
already been solved.
It's a win for the cops.
They're not gonna make
their lives more difficult.
no matter how hard
Batista pushes.
He'll butt his head against
the wall a few more times.
and then realize he can't
live another day
without a plate of ropa vieja
and head back to Miami.
Am I taking you back
to the hotel?
Yep.
♪ quiet. emotional music ♪
I'm glad
you're going to this school.
First crime you got to solve
is the prices at that gift shop.
This hat set me back 40 bucks.
♪ mysterious music ♪
[grunts]
♪
[Dexter]
Claudette is right about me.
One: I purposefully
and repeatedly cause harm
to people who purposefully
and repeatedly cause harm.
And two:
This makes everything right.
[indistinct salsa music playing]
It's like I'm back in Miami.
[Angel]
Coño. mueve las caderas. hombre.
Batista.
- [laughs]
- ♪ Da. da. da. da. da. ♪ Ha!
See? There you go.
Keep it straight.
- That's it. [speaks Spanish]
- I think I got it! [laughs]
Looks like you got
a lot of things. [laughs]
- There you go. see?
- Dexter!
Look who we met. Hey!
♪
Surprise. hermano.
- [salsa music stops]
- Angel.
- What are you doing here?
- Just passing through.
I thought I'd try to catch you.
[Blessing]
Good timing.
You almost missed him.
[chuckles]
I taught this guy
how to salsa 30 years ago.
Ah. that was a different life.
Same dance.
Got yourself
a good situation here.
Real nice folks.
- I got lucky.
- Yeah.
Tell me about it.
One UrCar ride.
and you've got a job. friends.
a place to stay.
Then again. you always had
a knack for winning people over.
- Ah.
- [Joy] And keeping secrets.
Why didn't you tell us
you worked for the police?
[sighs] So much has happened
since then.
Hey. buddy. it's late.
Why don't you let me
give you a ride back
to wherever you're staying.
and we can catch up in the car?
How's that sound. hermano?
I'm only gonna say this once.
Stay away from me.
from my house. my family...
...and especially my son.
You think
I'm just gonna back off?
[Dexter sighs]
Let you get away
with what you did to María
and Doakes
and Deb?
[Dexter exhales]
You don't want to get into this.
Or what?
What are you gonna do?
Pretty damn coincidental.
you becoming a rideshare driver
just when
there's a serial killer
taking out rideshare drivers.
That's a move right out of
the Bay Harbor
Butcher's playbook.
[tires screech]
♪ ominous music ♪
[breathes sharply]
If I really am
who you think I am...
...this can't possibly
end well for you.
♪
I'll take my chances. buddy.
[scoffs]
This is where you get out.
♪ "Showdown" by Electric
Light Orchestra playing ♪
♪ She cried
to the southern wind ♪
♪ 'Bout a love
that was sure to end ♪
♪ Every dream
in her heart was gone ♪
♪ Heading for a showdown ♪
♪ Bad dreamer.
what's your name? ♪
♪ Looks like we're riding
on the same train ♪
♪ Looks as though
there'll be more pain ♪
♪ There's gonna be a showdown ♪
♪ And it's raining ♪
♪ All over the world ♪
♪ It's raining ♪
♪ Tonight. the longest night ♪
♪ She came to me like a friend ♪
♪ She blew in
on a southern wind ♪
♪ Now my heart is turned
to stone again ♪
♪ There's gonna be a showdown ♪
♪ Save me ♪
♪ Oh. save me ♪
♪ It's unreal. the suffering ♪
♪ There's gonna be a showdown ♪
♪ And it's raining ♪
♪ All over the world ♪
♪ Raining ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm